Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I. Fok Chi-ho.
solemnly declare the following statement:
I confirm that I will give a full
and accurate testimony.
based solely on the facts
the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
Calling Central Control! Car 21!
We are currently in Kam
Tin and require backup!
There has been an attack on an EU vehicle
and we need an ambulance!
There are around 15 male suspects.
heavily armed! Please send reinforcements
as soon as possible!
On July 27. 2017.
I received orders from headquarters
stating that our assault
team was under attack.
The suspects responsible for this attack
belonged to a criminal
gang we were chasing.
Open fire!
Three in front!
Suppress fire!
Go! Go!
Take cover!
Officer Lee! Left! Front! One suspect!
Man down! Cover!
Ten people in Zone B!
We're under heavy fire!
A colleague is injured!
Cover Officer Fok!
Officer Fok! Cover me!
Go to hell. pigs!
Eight more in Zone B!
All round defense!
Hold on!
Officer Fok! Watch out above!
Stoppage! Guard!
Out of the way!
Boom!
Based on what you saw.
what was the first defendant
doing at the scene?
I saw Officer Leung Mei-yee
chasing the first
defendant. Cheung Man-bing.
Hold it!
Stop!
I saw the first defendant escape
through the back door.
so I gave chase.
When you were carrying out your mission
and pursuing my client.
were you wearing your police ID?
The situation was chaotic.
During the chase. I dropped my badge.
In other words.
it was not clear you were a police officer.
I had no idea she was a police officer.
After I heard gunshots.
this crazy woman
rushed at me. trying to attack me.
At that time. Officer Leung attempted
to subdue the first defendant.
Cheung Man-bing. from behind.
In other words. my client was
attacked by someone from behind.
I absolutely disagree.
He was forced to defend himself.
which resulted in an unfortunate accident.
Officer Leung.
She made every attempt
to subdue the first
defendant. Cheung Man-bing.
who was intentionally resisting arrest.
Go to hell!
The prosecution points out
that you had no reason
to be at that deserted ruin.
How do you explain it?
I wanted to film some supernatural things
to post on my Youtube channel.
We couldn't find any photographic equipment
at the crime scene.
The defendant is giving false testimony.
and openly disrespecting the court.
In this era. a mobile phone
can easily be used to film with.
The accusations made by the
prosecution are unreasonable.
All ten of the suspects arrested
deny any acquaintance with my client.
which is sufficient to prove
that my client has no connection
to this case whatsoever.
Of course they wouldn't betray their boss!
Are you for real?
Silence!
Your Honor.
it is highly likely that
these suspects are lying.
so their testimonies cannot be considered
as reliable evidence.
The fact is that after the police conducted
their forensic search
no fingerprints or DNA belonging to
my client were found.
either at the crime
scene nor on the firearms.
The prosecution has made
accusations against my client
without any evidence or witnesses.
which amounts to pure defamation.
I must remind the jury that
even if you have doubts about my
client's presence at the scene.
the benefit of doubt
belongs to the defendant.
I earnestly request that you
pronounce my client not guilty
because it is the only reasonable verdict.
Your Honor.
I request a reopening
of the prosecution's case.
and the summoning of new witnesses.
On what basis?
You should know the law.
Due to the prosecution's failure
to prove the charges
against the defendant
without reasonable doubt.
and considering the
jury's unanimous decision.
I hereby pronounce the
defendant Cheung Man-bing
not guilty of the charges
of possessing firearms.
assaulting a police officer
and resisting arrest.
He is to be released immediately.
Law enforcement
is just the beginning of the legal process.
When there are small cracks.
justice will pass us by.
Get off.
Move!
Let's go!
Officer Fok!
All the best!
It'll only be a change of scene.
Stay strong and keep true!
"Nothing Can Dim The Light
Which Shines From Within"
"7 Years Later"
"DOJ: The department in charge of all
prosecutorial work against crimes in HKSAR"
The female defendant stabbed the
victim more than twenty times.
with each stab so deep it hit bone.
What do you think should be done?
After committing the murder.
the killer stayed at the crime scene.
She even stated that she had
long wanted to kill the victim.
The evidence is conclusive.
and she should be charged with murder.
However. we need to take note
that the crime scene was the victim's home.
the fruit knife the female defendant used
was picked up randomly
from inside the house.
The crime obviously wasn't premeditated.
Charging her with murder
may not be appropriate.
There were no fingerprints
inside the house.
She was consciously cleaning up the scene
and then just stood there.
waiting for the police to arrest her.
Don't you find that strange?
Mr. Fok.
you used to be in the police force
and now you've joined
the Department of Justice.
You must have some
valuable insights to share.
It's just a change in work environment.
Then. let's study together.
I have a different perspective.
Most of the fatal wounds on the victim
were concentrated on the left side.
like this.
but the suspect is left-handed.
If she were to stab with her left hand
in a reverse grip.
it is possible but somewhat awkward.
Let's not forget that
the victim was a man
weighing over 200 pounds.
even stronger than Benny here.
Benny. please.
could you help demonstrate?
Maggie. right?
Yes. Hello.
First. try to struggle with each other.
Maggie. try stabbing Benny.
Here I come!
Come on. Stronger!
Okay.
Thank you...
So we can see from this.
it is difficult for a slender lady
who only weighs ninety pounds or so
to overpower a man weighing over
two hundred pounds.
one who exercises regularly.
and commit this kind of crime.
In other words.
there might be another suspect involved.
That's my perspective.
It seems we have different opinions.
How about we place a bet to settle it?
Each person puts in five hundred dollars.
Sure.
Let's not gamble with money.
Let's use beer instead!
If I lose. I'll treat you all!
If you win. we'll treat you!
Okay.
Mr. Fok.
Yes?
My name is Bao Ding.
Hello.
I'm the Pupil Master here.
I take care of all the newcomers.
- Nice to meet you.
- I'll assist you with your first cases.
If you need anything. you
can always come to me.
The police are responsible
for arresting suspects.
and we. the DOJ are
responsible for prosecuting
and convicting the arrested suspects.
This is your first case.
Earlier this year.
Customs received a tip off
that someone was importing
one kilogram of cocaine
from Brazil in the form
of a mailed package.
So the police conducted
a surveillance operation
and traced it back to the home
of the first defendant. Ma Ka-kit.
They arrested him when
he received the package.
I'm coming!
Are you Ma Ka-kit?
Yes. I am.
Sign here.
"From Brazil To Ma Ka-kit. Hong Kong"
Police!
This is my warrant card.
We suspect that there are
drugs hidden in your package.
Kit!
Freeze!
Stop right there!
I've got nothing to do with this.
I really don't know anything!
Sir. this stuff is suspicious.
This parcel isn't mine.
I only lent someone my address.
From the moment Ma Ka-kit was arrested
until he got to the police station.
he insisted that he only lent his address
to the second defendant in the case.
Chan Kwok-wing.
and the police actually found drugs at
Chan Kwok-wing's residence.
I want a lawyer!
It's a clear case of
possession of illegal goods.
There's nothing to argue about.
However. after being
detained for three months.
Ma Ka-kit changed his testimony
and claimed that he didn't lend his
address to Chan Kwok-wing.
What do you think about that?
Ma Ka-kit has no criminal record.
but his testimony contradicts itself.
which means he's lying.
Chan Kwok-wing has a
history of drug possession.
and drugs were found at his house.
Let's charge both of them
because both of them are suspects.
It depends on what
strategy the defense uses.
If you have any plans.
you need Prosecutor Yeung's approval.
That's the rule. Please follow it.
Understood. Thank you.
And about your offer to
buy the beer if you lose.
it's good to have confidence.
Mr. Bao.
I like to drink beer.
It's difficult for you
to avoid a conviction
since you were caught red-handed.
I suggest you plead guilty
because pleading guilty now can reduce
your sentence by one-third.
I only received a thousand bucks for
lending my address to someone.
I didn't know there were drugs involved!
Do I still have to go to prison?
Kit.
we all believe you didn't do it.
but there's no evidence to prove
that Chan Kwok-wing used your address.
If we lose the trial.
we will appeal.
If we win. the Department
of Justice will appeal.
Each appeal requires scheduling.
which means you will
wait endlessly in prison.
Counsel Lee's advice is the best
and the fastest way to get you out.
So after Kit pleads guilty.
can we proceed to the trial immediately
without him going to prison?
Actually. there are still many procedures
and formalities before the trial.
and Chan Kwok-wing's
lawyer will also take action.
You're Chan Kwok-wing. right?
Now that the police have
found drugs in your house
and Ma Ka-kit has implicated you.
saying that you used his address
to receive the package.
the DOJ will charge you with possession
of and conspiracy to traffic drugs.
How should I work with you?
The first thing we need to do
is clarify to the police that
Kit has changed his
previous plea of not guilty
to a guilty plea.
The police will then hand over
the documents to the DOJ.
"Confession Report Ma Ka-kit"
After the Department of Justice reviews it.
they will file charges.
and the court will schedule
the trial as soon as possible.
Kit should plead guilty in court
and seek leniency.
Due to the large number of cases
the court has to handle.
the later you decide to plead guilty.
the longer you will have to wait.
But if Kit pleads guilty earlier.
we can immediately schedule the case
in the High Court
for Kit to appear and seek leniency.
"Confession Report Ma Ka-kit"
Don't say I didn't warn you.
When you were a cop
you worshipped the God of War.
Now that you're in the DOJ.
you should worship Prosecutor Yeung.
Remember that.
Hello. Mr. Bao.
Hello. what can I do for you?
I am Ma Ka-kit's representative lawyer.
Lee Sze-man.
Is it possible to discuss a plea agreement?
What are the conditions?
My client will admit to drug trafficking.
and the only condition is for the
prosecution to withdraw
the charge of conspiracy to
traffic drugs against Chan Kwok-wing.
You are the representative lawyer
for the first defendant.
and now you want to withdraw the charge
against the second defendant.
Isn't that unreasonable?
Ma Ka-kit changed
his testimony because of his guilt.
stating that it has nothing to do
with Chan Kwok-wing.
He doesn't want to hurt a good person.
Chan Kwok-wing. the second defendant.
has a history of drug possession.
while the first defendant
has a clear record
If I let the first defendant go. there's
no reason to let the second defendant go.
Conspiracy will result in a
more severe punishment.
So excluding any conspiracy
with the second defendant
is completely in line
with my client's interests.
Sorry. I don't accept it.
Shirley.
- Prosecutor Yeung.
- Good morning.
Morning.
Plea bargaining is a good thing.
The defendant recognizes their mistake
and pleads guilty.
saving time and taxpayer's money.
I agree.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hello. good morning.
Mr. Yeung. this is the
newly appointed prosecutor.
Fok Chi-ho.
Hi. Mr. Fok.
- Welcome.
- I'm here to learn from you.
We will go through the
court procedures later.
and then this case can be concluded.
Thank you.
Prosecutor Yeung.
why not charge the second defendant?
What about the prosecution code?
In the testimony of the first defendant.
it has been emphasized
that the second defendant had
nothing to do with this case.
So. I don't want to waste time.
How is it a waste of time?
Our job is prosecution.
to have a trial.
to find the truth.
and to convict.
The Department of Justice's principle
has always been
to charge if there's evidence.
release if there's no evidence.
Firstly. if the first defendant
admits to drug trafficking.
we can charge the second defendant
with drug possession.
which means both individuals
who have committed a crime
will go to prison.
What more do you want?
Your case involves drug
trafficking through mail.
so strictly speaking.
whether or not others were
involved in drug trafficking
is irrelevant to you.
You're the prosecutor.
You should understand that right?
It's almost ten o'clock.
Okay. Court.
Both defendants plead guilty.
and both will be sentenced.
Isn't that fair? What else do you want?
Case number ESCC235/2023.
the first defendant Ma Ka-kit.
and the second defendant Chan Kwok-wing
are suspected of
conspiracy to traffic drugs.
Your Honor.
the defense has reached an
agreement with the prosecution.
My client. the first defendant Ma Ka-kit.
will admit to the charge
of drug trafficking.
Does the prosecution agree?
Your Honor.
the DOJ will amend the charge
against the first defendant
Ma Ka-kit to drug trafficking
and withdraw the conspiracy to
traffic charge against
the second defendant Chan Kwok-wing.
but we will retain the charge of
drug possession against him.
Ma Ka-kit.
you are accused of having
one kilogram of cocaine
mailed from overseas to your residence.
You were arrested there by the police
while receiving the package.
Now the charge against
you is drug trafficking.
How do you plead?
I plead guilty.
Can I receive a reduced sentence?
The sentencing will take place
at the next hearing.
This bench will now pronounce the verdict.
The charge of conspiracy to traffic drugs
against the second defendant.
Chan Kwok-wing. is withdrawn.
The drug possession case
will be scheduled for trial.
The first defendant. Ma Ka-kit.
who admits to drug trafficking.
will be referred to the High Court
for leniency sentencing.
The defendant will remain in custody.
Court adjourned.
Court!
I want to finish work early.
just like prisoners want
to be released early.
Do you have any questions?
No problem.
You are in charge of Ma Ka-kit's case.
You've interviewed him.
What do you think?
Initially. he resisted arrest.
but after being brought to the
police station. he cooperated.
He kept saying it had
nothing to do with him
and that he only lent his address.
Why would a criminal admit to being guilty?
I heard he had a difficult background.
How so?
It hurts! That's not how you do it!
You wasted everything!
Why can't you learn to do anything right?
You're so useless!
Please stop...
I can't teach you anything!
When he was young.
his father died from a drug overdose
and his mother was a drug addict.
She would beat him so
badly he was hospitalised.
But what is even more remarkable is that
his grandfather beat up the mother
and took custody of him.
so he didn't have to go to an orphanage.
His mother deserved to be beaten.
Even you say she deserved to be beaten!
There's the bastard!
Hey!
You bastard. don't chase me.
Don't move!
I'm a cop!
Are you pretending not to understand?
Come and help!
My bro!
Are you causing trouble here?
You're under arrest for
suspicion of drug trafficking!
Stop resisting!
Grab your weapons!
You bastard!
Making trouble?
Assaulting a police officer!
Get him! Kill him!
What are you looking for?
Hey!
Get over here and help!
Police! You are surrounded!
Drop all your weapons now!
Hold still!
Don't move!
Get down here!
Get down here immediately!
Is it serious?
I'll treat it as a mark of honor!
I've been after this gang of
drug traffickers for a long time.
Thank you!
Tough job.
Nothing special!
I'll go and take care of business.
Hey!
Remember. you're in charge now.
Drug trafficker. You'll
be pissing here for life.
Get lost!
Watch where you're going!
I know you're not used to prison life.
Even if you can't sleep.
try to rest as much as you can.
Otherwise. how can you stay strong?
I mean. mentally.
I'll be fine.
I can care of myself.
How about you?
It's been so hot lately.
Will you use the fan?
Don't think about saving on the
electricity bill all the time.
What do you say?
You don't have to worry about me.
When did I start worrying about you?
I'm just asking a few questions.
If you want to go back to Shanghai.
look for Uncle Bong.
- Go and see him.
- I could go any time.
We'll go together when you are released
Don't bother waiting for me.
If you behave well your
sentence will be reduced.
You'll be released soon.
Not for several years.
What?
Didn't that lawyer Lee say
admitting your guilt can
lead to a reduced sentence?
You're a first-time offender!
There's someone in my cell.
He got sentenced to 8 years for
200 grams of drugs.
As for me.
I had one kilogram.
Is it calculated the same way?
When I get out.
will you still be around?
I talked to a legal aid lawyer.
and he said Kit's case can be fought.
He's preparing to help us
overturn the guilty plea.
As long as you admit it was misleading.
- Kit will be fine.
- We didn't mislead anyone.
You know all the facts.
and there's even a signed
confession from Ma Ka-kit.
You bastards!
You knew that Kit didn't do anything!
It was you who advised him to plead guilty!
The guilty plea did result
in a reduced sentence.
With good behavior credits.
and deducting the holidays.
he'll be out in around ten years.
I won't live to see ten years!
Call the police!
There's no need for that.
You should go.
Let's go.
There was a teenager
wrongly accused of murder.
There were doubts about his case.
The boss said he must be prosecuted.
The officers at the police station said
they wouldn't investigate further.
What did you do?
Those British guys wouldn't do it.
so I went to find evidence on my own.
In the end. that boy
was released without charge. right?
You already know about it?
You've talked about this case
many times.
It happened over forty years ago.
You solved the case. too.
Your boss
even gave you this medal.
I thought this case
happened just five days ago.
Anyway.
law enforcers must
stay true to their mission.
Even if one day you can't walk like me.
you won't have any regrets.
Maybe you just need to stop and rest.
After talking for so long!
Do you still remember who I am?
I'm hungry.
Take me back to the nursing home.
Okay.
Why are you so slow?
Back in the day.
your dad.
I saw some thieves robbing a jewelry store.
and then get on a bus.
I chased it all the way from
Mong Kok to Tsim Sha Tsui
until I caught them!
Can you speed up?
Can you handle it?
Of course I can.
Then hold on tight!
Let's go!
Are you okay? Is this fast enough?
"After jewelry store robbery. an heroic cop
chased and caught three robbers"
Your Honor.
the first defendant. my client Ma Ka-kit.
has no understanding of the law.
He only pleaded guilty under the influence
of his former lawyer's misguidance.
This situation is extremely unfair.
Therefore. I would like to apply to
overturn the guilty plea.
Does the prosecution have any remarks?
I have no remarks. Your Honor.
How could you offer no remarks when
they asked for a reverse plea?
Are you intentionally making way?
We won the case.
You intentionally put us at a disadvantage.
Mr. Fok. I don't understand
what you're doing.
Actually. Ma Ka-kit
has always wanted a reduced sentence.
So. admitting guilt was enough. right?
Why do the reverse plea then?
Are you gambling with ten years?
What if he's being misled?
All we're doing is giving
him another chance.
The Department of Justice is
responsible for prosecution.
and their main duty is
to convict the accused.
Mr. Fok. now you're helping the defense.
What are you trying to do?
You want to prove his innocence?
That's not how I see it. Mr. Yeung.
I believe that as prosecutors.
we should convict the guilty
and establish the
innocence of the innocent.
After Ma Ka-kit admitted his guilt.
then denied it.
it's clear that
one of them is lying.
or maybe both are lying.
Playing along with him is
a waste of manpower. resources.
and the most precious thing: time. Mr. Fok.
Okay. Mr. Bao.
I want you to summon Lee
Sze-man and Au Pak-man
to testify in court regarding
Ma Ka-kit's lack of honesty.
Okay.
And regarding this case.
I want to assign you
as the lead prosecutor.
Please demonstrate to Mr. Fok
how prosecutors handle cases.
Excuse me.
Lunch time.
That's how it is.
Court!
Since this case involves an on-site arrest.
the prosecution has
decided to continue
prosecuting the first
and second defendants.
The prosecution will first summon
Inspector Lee King-wai.
who was responsible for
the arrest operation. to testify.
When we went to arrest Ma Ka-kit that day.
he attempted to escape.
My client saw unfamiliar
individuals without uniforms
holding questionable identification.
so he got scared and ran.
Are false documents a reasonable excuse?
Did the entire team of officers deceive
him with false documents?
Unbelievable!
No. your Honor.
I just want to point out that my
client was terrified at that time.
I have no other questions. Your Honor.
I. Lee Sze-man. sincerely and truthfully
declare and confirm
that all the testimony
I give will be the truth.
the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
Miss Lee Sze-man. as far as you know.
why did Ma Ka-kit plead guilty?
Was he aware of the
crime he was confessing to?
Ma Ka-kit wanted a reduced sentence.
so he pleaded guilty.
All the documents have
his personal signature.
so he was fully aware of the
crime he confessed to.
Ms. Lee.
do you admit that you misled my client
into pleading guilty?
My client committed a crime and
wanted a reduced sentence.
I would advise you to plead guilty
because pleading guilty now can reduce
your sentence by one-third.
Mr. Lee's advice is the best
and quickest way to secure your release.
I was certainly helping
him in a lawful manner.
It was you. bitch.
who said that if we go to trial.
we will definitely lose!
She is lying in court right now!
Why isn't she being arrested?
Is there no rule of law?
Uncle. please show respect to the court.
Otherwise. I will have to ask you to leave.
As a judge. you should ensure fairness!
You don't ensure
fairness. and protecting her!
Bailiffs!
Please ask this gentleman
to leave the court and calm down.
She's lying. and she's not being arrested!
Is there no rule of law?
Why isn't she being arrested?
Defense counsel for the second defendant.
you may begin your cross-examination.
Thank you. Your Honor.
Ms. Lee.
When the first defendant
pleaded guilty initially.
did he clearly and explicitly state
that he did not lend
his address to my client?
As for the second
defendant. Chan Kwok-wing.
the testimony clearly states
that he did not lend his address to anyone.
In other words.
this case concerns the criminal acts
of the first defendant.
so my client has been
innocent from start to finish.
Do you agree?
You can say that.
Mr. Au Pak-man.
as a former assistant
to the defense lawyer.
you have been involved in this case.
Can you describe
the relationship between the
first defendant and your team?
We had all conversations
based on mutual trust.
so the relationship can
be described as good.
Your Honor. I have no further questions.
I do.
Prosecutor.
do you want to conduct a
second cross-examination?
Yes. your Honor.
Mr. Au Pak-man.
the first defendant. Ma Ka-kit.
said that you
and Lawyer Lee Sze-man misled him.
Why did he say that?
Perhaps due to his lack of education.
he is easily influenced
and has a naive personality.
He tends to believe what people tell him.
Is it because of his naive nature that
he is easily influenced.
and so you persuaded him to plead guilty?
Prosecutor.
do you know what you are doing?
You're shooting yourself in the foot!
This is not a playground!
Your Honor. please do not misunderstand.
I must first understand the
character of the first defendant
in order to assess the credibility
of the testimony he provided.
Then please pay attention to the
logic of your questioning.
all right?
Very well. let me ask in a different way.
Mr. Au.
are you providing free defense
for the first defendant?
Yes.
Our law firm has been
handling pro bono cases.
Pro bono cases refer to cases where you
provide free defense for individuals.
That's the usual understanding.
Would you first establish
whether the person you are helping for free
is guilty or not guilty?
I disagree with what you just said.
Even if Ma Ka-kit is truly guilty.
I would still advocate
for leniency for him.
So you told him to plead guilty.
In my opinion.
all young people are inherently good.
Even if Ma Ka-kit is guilty.
he should be given a chance.
So. if the court were
to find him guilty today.
I would hope for a lenient sentence.
Objection!
I object to the witness implying guilt
on my client's behalf.
What are you objecting to?
He is advocating for
leniency for your client.
Objection overruled.
Your Honor. allow me to finish my question.
Mr. Au. let me ask you again.
Did you advise the first defendant
to take responsibility for a crime
he didn't commit?
I don't know how to answer
such a leading question.
The witness doesn't need to answer.
Prosecutor. are you shooting
yourself in the foot again?
What are you doing?
With all due respect. Your Honour.
I respectfully request
you to consider this.
The jury should consider it.
Everyone should consider it.
If the first defendant can receive a
reduced sentence by pleading guilty.
and he has already pleaded guilty.
then it's settled.
Why would he overturn his own testimony
and his guilty plea?
There is no logic!
So I have reason
to question the evidence
provided by the two witnesses.
Prosecutor.
are you trying to turn your witnesses
into hostile witnesses?
Your Honor.
I just want fairness. justice
and to objectively assist the court.
and to find the truth.
I have no more questions.
Mr. Au.
when the first defendant Ma Ka-kit
initially pleaded guilty.
did he submit three
letters requesting leniency?
Yes.
We submitted those documents to the court.
hoping they would be considered
towards a reduced sentence.
The court has archived all three letters.
and everyone can review them carefully.
The first letter
was written by an executive director
of a listed company.
Mr. Au. have you ever considered
or had doubts about how
and under what circumstances
the first defendant. Ma Ka-kit.
would know
or have the opportunity to know
an executive director of a listed company?
As his legal team.
even if we have doubts.
we must act in good faith...
Understood.
The second letter was
written by a social worker.
stating that Ma Ka-kit had often
participated in volunteer activities.
However. upon further investigation.
the organization stated that
they never organized the
activities mentioned in the letter.
What are your thoughts. Mr. Au?
I think it would be
inappropriate for me to comment.
Your Honor.
I believe you should not allow
the defense lawyer to continue his
questioning regarding these letters.
as they are irrelevant to the case.
I agree. Your Honor.
Sit down.
Mr. Ho. continue.
Thank you. your Honor.
The final letter
was claimed by Ma Ka-kit
to be written by his former boss.
It states that he is a
diligent and honest person.
The letter mentions that his employment
started in December 2019.
but that company had
already been liquidated in 2017.
so this letter was actually
forged by Ma Ka-kit.
These letters of support
were arranged by them.
what does it have to do with me?
Your Honor.
I would like to respectfully
submit regarding
what the defense lawyer just said.
Until the authenticity of these
three leniency letters is confirmed.
the defense lawyer's hasty attack
on the first defendant.
is surely damaging the integrity
of the first defendant?
- Objection. you Honor.
- Your Honor...
Your Honor. I object.
I request a 15-minute recess.
I haven't done anything!
Your Honor. I also want to remind you
that if these three letters
could possibly have been forged.
they cannot be used as evidence.
Prosecutor Fok. what exactly do you want?
Defense is my responsibility.
what are you trying to do?
Mr. Cheng.
you said your client was misled by someone.
Is that just a theory?
Do you have any evidence?
I don't have evidence to prove
that he was misled.
but there is also no evidence
to prove that he wasn't misled.
Mr. Cheng.
My learned friend.
Could you please be more professional?
You should help your client find evidence.
If you can't find evidence. find witnesses.
You are useless.
You are talking nonsense.
How do you even practice
as a defence lawyer?
Mr. Bao.
this prosecutor of yours
is constantly asking questions
beneficial to the defendant.
This is completely illogical!
And he's openly insulting
the opposing lawyer in court.
Totally ridiculous!
If you can't control your people.
I will sue you for contempt of court.
Your Honor.
Mr. Fok is not being contemptuous.
He just wants to employ a creative
questioning approach.
Your Honor. it has nothing
to do with Prosecutor Bao.
I hope you can carefully examine
whether Ma Ka-kit was truly misled or not.
Mr Fok.
when I was in your position.
you were still wearing diapers.
I remind you that
you are in no position to
teach me how to see clearly.
On the contrary. I should be
teaching you how to see clearly.
As the prosecutor.
defending the defendant
is not your responsibility!
So come back!
Your Honor. I apologize.
but I would like to kindly remind you
that our duty in criminal prosecution
is not solely to
ensure the defendant's conviction.
but to present credible evidence
of the crimes we are
prosecuting to the jury.
Are you teaching me how to do my job again?
Should I take off my robe
and give it to you to wear?
Or give you a judge's wig to put on?
Your Honor. what I
mean is that your actions
have already influenced the jury's
perception of the first defendant.
So I request that you
immediately dismiss the jury
and order a retrial.
Court is adjourned.
Court!
I'm lost for words.
Have some coffee.
Thanks.
You need to assess the situation.
It's like a police baton.
Only extend when necessary.
and retract when unnecessary.
If you keep it extended all the time.
you'll suffer.
At 3:30. I want to watch your trial.
Won't you stay to see the verdict?
It doesn't matter if I watch it.
We need to remember that there
must be a majority consensus
for a ruling to be valid.
It can be 7-0. 6-1. or 5-2. okay.
If it's 4-3. there'll be a retrial.
Mr. Fok.
the courtroom is truly a strange place.
A bunch of people who understand
the law are fighting here.
It's left to seven people
who don't understand
the law to determine
life and death.
But you did well just now.
Don't worry too much about the outcome.
We all have one goal.
and that is to help Kit.
Mr. Au. cut the bullshit.
Chief Juror.
has a verdict been reached?
Yes.
Is the verdict unanimous?
No.
Was it a significant majority?
Yes.
What was the vote result?
5-2.
Is the first defendant
guilty or not guilty?
Guilty.
Is the second defendant
guilty or not guilty?
Not guilty.
It was you who misled
that young man. right?
You pushed Ma Ka-kit into hell. didn't you?
I will now pronounce the sentence.
The first defendant. Ma Ka-kit.
is guilty of drug trafficking.
Due to his lack of remorse
and the waste of court resources.
he must be severely punished.
He is sentenced to
27 years in prison.
The second defendant. Chan Kwok-wing.
is acquitted and released.
Court is adjourned.
Court!
Kit.
you have to stay strong!
Kit!
Stay strong!
Don't you worry!
Grandpa won't let you
sit in prison for 27 years.
I wouldn't be alive to see you released!
Don't worry!
I'll find a way!
Sorry.
Believe me. I will help you.
The court sentenced me to 27 years.
How are you going to help me?
Mr. Au. good morning.
Morning.
Madam Cheung.
- Hi!
- Debbie.
Hello. Ah Man.
Let me introduce
Counsel Lee.
She specializes in commercial fraud cases.
She can definitely help you.
You can trust me with your lawsuit.
KC.
you're back?
Let me go first.
I've taken on an additional civil case.
It's a piece of cake for you.
Last time you mentioned
wanting a 10-carat diamond.
I found a good one for
you in Belgium. Flawless.
Why do clients come to us?
Because they feel helpless.
Just like sick people
going to see a doctor.
or guilty ones going
to church for confession.
or going to a witch to curse someone.
It's all the same.
But you're different.
because you understand the law.
You're their savior.
It's all thanks to your selfless efforts
and working through
many late nights tirelessly.
that the Department of Justice can uphold
the rule of law for society.
But there are still many
crises and challenges.
I hope everyone stays
committed to their roles
and continues to uphold
justice for the citizens.
Bao.
thank you for taking
care of our colleagues.
You're welcome. Director.
Fok Chi-ho.
Hello. Director.
Welcome to the
Department of Justice family.
When you were in the police force.
you were famous for catching criminals
and working diligently.
We believe that
with your experience as a police officer.
you can provide us with
a different perspective.
Now Mr.Yeung. here. has vast experience.
If you have any questions.
he can definitely give
you appropriate guidance.
You should work together closely.
Absolutely! I hope so.
I will do my best to assist Mr. Fok.
He's very smart. Rest assured.
there shouldn't be any problems.
Director.
I know.
Prosecutor Fok has some doubts
about this first case.
but as the prosecution.
even if we see issues.
only the defense can file an appeal.
At this stage. there isn't much
the Department of Justice can do.
I understand. Director.
However. hypothetically speaking.
if the defendant... just hypothetically.
requests an appeal.
I would really hope that you. as Director.
personally pay attention to this case.
Mr. Fok. I'm curious why you
are so eager for the defendant to appeal?
The court has already
made a clear judgment.
so I want to know what the issue is.
or are you just intent on
seeing the DOJ lose a lawsuit?
These kinds of discussions
should be part of your daily work.
You may continue them another time.
but today. there's a most
important task to complete.
Hello. George!
Hi. Selina.
Selina.
Long time. no see.
Do you remember? Next month. we have
our alumni golf tournament.
You're on my team!
Come early so we can take some photos.
Alright.
Everyone. come over here.
We have a full house today.
Yes.
Please have a seat.
Grand Judge.
Please. sit.
Mr. Yeung!
- Grand Judge.
- Mr. Bao.
Grand Judge.
Please sit!
Director. your subordinate
also calls me 'Grand Judge'.
He doesn't know the rules.
Everyone present here can
call me 'Grand Judge'.
Except for you.
Right. Mr. Yeung?
Before 1997.
all the judges in the
higher courts were called
'Grand Judge.'
That's why they called me 'Grand Judge'.
After 1997.
they simplified the title to 'Judge'
without the 'Grand'.
So.
any friends I knew before 1997
can still call me 'Grand
Judge'. which is fine.
But as for you.
it's not very suitable. right?
Thank you for going easy on him.
I should thank you.
Marco. pour the wine.
Mr. Fok.
frankly.
as a judge. I only consider three rules.
there's no fourth.
It's eyewitness testimony.
physical evidence.
and the jury's decision.
Honestly.
sometimes
I know the defendant is guilty.
but if there's no evidence.
I have to let them go.
On the other hand.
sometimes I know they're innocent.
but if there seems to be evidence.
I have to make a tough judgment.
This is a historical legacy.
I have to follow the rules.
Even as a 'Grand Judge'.
I have to abide by the rules.
There's no reason for
you not to follow them.
How can you just do as you please?
But this time. I understand.
It's your first time working for
the Department of Justice.
and you have no experience.
I'll forgive you this time.
Okay.
No need to talk shop. Let's drink!
Come on. This bottle
of wine is extraordinary.
It received a score of 100 from Parker!
It's a 1992 Château Leblanc.
Let's all try it!
I bought it at an auction in France.
In 1982. this lady was
abandoned by her husband
and they divorced.
While she was making the wine.
she was stamping on those grapes.
crying the whole time.
Her tears fell into the grape juice.
So now. when you drink it.
there's a taste of her sorrow.
Let's all drink and see if
there's a hint of sadness.
Mr. Fok.
can you taste the sadness?
A bottle of wine that
costs tens of thousands.
even a glass costs thousands...
Yes.
It's the monthly income
of a poor family in Hong Kong.
Indeed. that's quite sorrowful.
I like your sense of humor.
You're a smart guy!
Uncle Ma.
You played a part in getting
my grandson imprisoned!
Why are you looking for me?
I understand how you feel.
Can you give me a few minutes?
I want to say something.
There have been many
loopholes in this case.
On behalf of the Department of Justice.
I apologize to you.
Additionally. I want to remind you that
as a citizen. you have the right
to exercise your civil rights
and file an appeal.
No need for your reminder.
I have already applied for it.
That lawyer Cheng told me.
He also told me not to talk to
anyone during this time.
- Yes.
- Don't mess with me!
I hope you believe...
- Our society has the rule...
- Pretending to be good guys.
I don't believe any of your nonsense!
I don't believe you. double-crosser!
You're all pretending to be the good guys!
Help!
We have finished recording
Uncle Ma's statement.
He just applied for an appeal.
and now he's been attacked.
It's likely related to those two lawyers.
We recently seized several
vehicles transporting drugs.
and your case is also related
to drug trafficking.
You should take care.
Really. you don't have to accompany me.
I can go back home by myself.
No problem. It's on my way.
There's so much junk here. Be careful.
This is my humble abode. Excuse the mess!
Please sit!
I'll open the window
to let some fresh air in.
Let me get you something to drink.
Damn!
Ran away again!
Please have some tea.
Thanks.
Whenever it's pouring outside.
it leaks in here.
Like the old Chinese saying.
'water brings prosperity'. eh?
It'll be alright as long as
I don't starve to death.
Did your grandson paint these pictures?
Yes. It's Kit who painted them.
He loves painting tall buildings and
always says he wants me
to live in a better place.
When he was 18.
he'll apply for public housing.
Hopefully in another two years.
we'll move into a new apartment together.
Uncle Ma.
how do you know Lee Sze-man?
Through the boss of the
restaurant where Kit works.
I think his last name is 'Lau'.
He saw how hardworking Kit was
and introduced him to a lawyer.
Then he introduced us to that bitch
who offered to help for free.
We're too poor. We didn't have a choice.
Just talking to a lawyer
costs a few thousand bucks.
How could I afford it?
What use are legal aid
or the DOJ to folk like us?
They're all government personnel.
Seems like they can't help us either.
After all this chaos. aren't you hungry?
Make yourself at home.
Let's eat whatever we have.
I didn't even realize I was hungry
until you mentioned it!
Just wait a sec.
Mr. Fok. everyone has left already.
Come.
Let's have a drink during Happy Hour.
We found new clues in the Ma Ka-kit case.
You know there's no allowance
for working overtime?
Ma Ka-kit's previous boss. Lau Siu-keung.
provides a new lead in this case.
We need to find out
about his relationship with
Lee Sze-man and Au Pak-man.
That's the only way we can help Ma Ka-kit.
According to our intelligence reports.
Lau Siu-keung has opened many restaurants.
wine bars and nightclubs in recent years.
He appears to be a legitimate businessman.
but in reality.
he collaborates with many triad leaders.
All his businesses are managed by
Au Pak-man's law firm.
That Lee Sze-man is really something!
She grew up in an orphanage.
and later Au Pak-Man paid for her
education in the United States.
where she also obtained a law license.
I'd fall head over heels
for him too if I were her.
I checked the records of the
Department of Justice.
Au Pak-man got his early release
because Lee Sze-man
helped him win the appeal.
What are you trying to say. Bao Ding?
Isn't it obvious enough?
They're a couple of crooks!
This Au Pak-man is impressive.
He's been in prison several times.
for assault. extortion. using fake
documents. And escaping from prison!
He's committed so many crimes
and yet he can still talk
to people about the law.
It's crazy!
I can handle it
Dealing with the semen evidence
is relatively easy.
Because he wasn't caught in the act.
- Yes.
- Au Pak Man.
- You get out!
- Get lost!
Money laundering. right?
I take a 20% cut.
Whether it's one billion or ten billion.
I don't care.
In any case. I take a 20% commission.
The prison authorities say
he diligently studied law in prison.
After being released.
he continued to commit crimes.
but every time.
he managed to win his cases by himself.
He also got to know many
influential figures in prison.
including one that you personally arrested.
Sang. from Cambodia.
FIJI
Cash out.
Go.
Ah Keung!
It's true what the astrologers
say about having a bad year.
Several of our food trucks got busted!
Now we're also out of the stuff
we put in coconuts.
So. I think we should lay low for a while.
Hold off on making deliveries for now.
No deliveries?
The boss will definitely throw a fit.
Throw a fit?
Let him throw a fit. then!
If we get stopped and
searched by the police.
I'm as good as dead.
That incident with Uncle Ma...
It was done by one of them. wasn't it?
You're really something.
You're right. Nothing escapes you.
It could be either Tung or Sang.
Who else can it be?
That's why I always say.
fools will be fools.
They don't use their brains when they act.
Keung.
you're a smart guy.
you're a civilised person.
So. in the future. whatever you do.
don't be as foolish as they are.
Okay?
Understood. boss.
Sang. please have a seat.
Please sit.
Your underlings
stole the shipment of coconuts from me.
causing me to lose 50 million.
When are you going to compensate me?
You can only accuse him of stealing
if he's taken it for himself.
It was the police that
confiscated everything.
I want to give you the
goods as compensation.
Man can't make any deliveries.
Listen to what he has to say.
Personally. I think
if we make deliveries now.
it's like handing them over to the police.
You won't necessarily lose 50 million.
I'll personally make it up to you.
As for Tung.
I'll give you a 30% discount on the
next three shipments.
Everyone will be happy.
Such a wonderful deal.
You think money solves everything?
Sang.
I know what you want.
Let me go!
Tung! You're not going to do this. are you?
I've followed you since I was a kid!
You're really going to do this to me?
Crazy!
This time. my underling made a mistake.
I know what to do.
Man!
Lend me a hand.
What's the matter?
Do what the boss asked you to. shithead!
Hit him!
Hit him! I told you to hit him!
Come on!
Sang!
I didn't know the cocaine in those
coconuts belonged to you!
Give me another chance!
Tung! I know where I messed up!
Please ask Sang to give me another chance!
Please don't...
Don't do this!
Wow! Did you need to be so brutal?
Are you satisfied?
Well. I didn't say he shouldn't be.
Take him to a doctor.
Remember to make the
delivery for us tomorrow.
Gentlemen.
I really want to make the delivery.
but my case hasn't been resolved yet.
I'm being watched closely.
I'll take care of your case.
Remember to continue making the deliveries.
you hear me?
Go.
I'll take my leave. Sang.
You bastard.
You're so brutal even
with your own underlings.
That's it.
You won't scare him into
delivering the goods properly
if you don't show him something.
Hello. Bao Ding.
I can't hear you!
It's so noisy there. Speak louder!
You piece of shit!
This is my place. and
you're doing drugs here?
You dare to disrespect me?
Without me. you'd have
been dead a long time ago!
Get the fuck out!
Now get going!
You bastard! Are you
pretending to be a big shot?
I'm not your big brother. am I?
My last name is Chan.
Your dad is not my dad.
Isn't your mom my mom?
So what if she is?
Get lost!
I'll leave when I'm finished.
Stop!
Someone is filming us.
I've seen him in court.
Sorry.
What were you filming?
Give me your phone.
Hey! Beating someone up?
Getting into a gang fight?
I've already called the police.
Why were you so slow getting here?
Let's go.
I've got what we need. Let's leave quickly.
Are you OK?
Let's find Ah Wai.
He's on his way.
You called the police?
We'll beat up even the police.
Have you ever fought before?
Never! I was a model student.
Hello? Ah Wai?
Why aren't you here yet?
Your friend
is beating up a hundred people!
No!
I mean he's being beaten
up by a hundred people!
Don't hit me!
Mr. Fok?
Mr. Fok! It's me.
It's me!
You're lucky to be alive!
I'll take you to dinner.
That Lau Siu-keung.
turns out he is Chan
Kwok-Wing's half-brother.
I recorded everything.
This place belongs to Lau Siu-keung.
The guys in suits who attacked you earlier
are the security guards here.
Every one of them
insisted on hiring a lawyer
and specifically asked
for Au Pak-man's law firm.
Justice will prevail.
Heaven is on our side.
The two brothers are obstructing justice.
The case of Ma Ka Kit can move forward now.
Mr. Yeung.
Hey. Mr. Bao.
I need to talk to you about something.
I'm rushing to the High Court.
- What's the matter? It's urgent.
- I need to tell you now.
How do you know Lee Sze-man?
Through the boss of the
restaurant where Kit works.
I think his last name is 'Lau'.
Uncle Ma said
that Lau Siu-keung
introduced Au Pak-man to him
and this Lau Siu-keung and Chan Kwok-wing.
it turns out they're half-brothers.
They've been colluding for a long time.
obstructing justice.
Bao. you're so enthusiastic.
Go join their investigation team.
Uncle Ma is going to file an
official report now and give a statement.
You should go and take a look.
There's new evidence.
Now the Legal Aid Department
is citing 'Judge's
Misguidance of the Jury'.
They're sending it back for retrial.
It will begin in 28 days.
I really don't understand.
Why do they keep trying
such a minor case?
I don't want people to think that
the DOJ is unprofessional.
After the police finish
recording the statements.
they will submit them to the DOJ.
The DOJ will then consider
whether to accept them or not.
Of course. I know that.
but I don't want our own people
to suspect each other.
What do you want to say? Spit it out!
The DOJ has prosecuted
Au Pak-man three times.
and all three times. Au
Pak-man was set free.
The same prosecutor
handled all three cases.
"Yeung Ti-lap"
You were the lead
prosecutor in all three cases.
How long have you known me. Bao Ding?
36 years.
Do you know that I handle over
a thousand cases every year?
Three cases?
What are you trying to tell me
about these three cases?
Mr Yeung.
Are you trying to come after me?
Just this afternoon. I have 38 cases
waiting for me to handle.
If you have evidence to
support your accusation.
then please report me immediately.
Otherwise don't waste
my time with this nonsense!
I want to hire a lawyer.
No matter how many retrials
there are in this case.
the result will be the same. We won't lose.
I don't care about winning or losing.
I care about giving the public confidence.
Knowing that we have the ability
to uphold the rule of law.
Legal Aid has arranged for you to give
a statement at the police station.
As long as you reveal Lau Siu-keung
introduced the lawyer to you.
they will be obstructing justice.
and there will be hope for Kit.
It seems Kit really has a chance.
Thank you!
Don't mention it. It's my duty.
But you will have to testify in court.
Hang in there.
I'm hanging in there!
I hope that after Kit comes out.
he can be sensible and go back to studying.
In the future. perhaps he can
become a great lawyer like you.
You're too kind!
I see that your grandson
has great artistic talent.
- I know.
- He paints very well.
Paintings nowadays
sell for very high prices.
Actually.
it doesn't matter what field he studies.
The most important thing is to
find a nice girlfriend.
If I can see him get
married and have children.
then I'll be satisfied.
I'm looking forward to
that wedding banquet!
I'll reserve a seat for you!
I'm going to the restroom.
On the wedding day.
you can sit at the host's table.
It doesn't matter. Just
so long as I get to eat!
Prosecutor Fok. I beg you.
You're from the Department of Justice.
Can you talk to the judge
and let me out for just
one day? Just one day.
After that. I can spend
my whole life in prison.
I want revenge!
I don't understand.
I really...
I really don't understand why none of
you are willing to help me?
I really didn't do anything!
I rented out my address
just to make a few bucks to help my
grandfather with household expenses.
I simply wished that we
could have better meals.
eat together at a nice table.
and have a house that doesn't leak.
It's as simple as that.
Did I really do something wrong?
A relative of Ma Ka-kit was recently
found dead with multiple stab wounds.
Now people are very worried.
Everyone is paying close
attention to this case.
Could someone be trying to silence them?
Did the Department of Justice
accuse the wrong person?
Everyone is paying close
attention to this case.
I want to ask.
what mindset will you approach this with?
This case has entered the judicial process.
I'm not in a position to
make any comments. Sorry.
If the appeal is successful.
would it damage the reputation of the DOJ?
The Department of Justice's
reputation is irrelevant.
The work of the Department of Justice
is based on evidence.
We present the evidence to the court.
The court makes the final decision.
Here.
Okay.
Check again.
I will.
We've checked this matter many times.
No leads.
No witnesses. no fingerprints.
no murder weapon.
Have the surveillance cameras
in the shops across
the street been checked?
Have you searched for the cars
and pedestrians that passed by?
If you can't find anything it means
you're just not good enough!
My colleagues and I haven't
stopped working for 48 hours!
It's not that we don't
want to find anything.
No evidence. no witnesses.
I can't think of another way.
If there's no way. we have to find a way.
I have confidence in you.
but you need to have
confidence in yourself.
Do you remember what we used to say?
Stay strong and keep true
Stay strong and keep true?
Everyone here is staying
strong and keeping true!
But we can't eliminate crimes!
Even we police are helpless sometimes.
No matter what. you can find a way!
Now I understand
why you gave up back then.
Mr. Fok.
Hi. long time. no see!
Is this your son?
Yes.
His name is Luke. Hello.
Hello. Uncle.
Hello. Luke.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Are you still in the Rapid Action Unit?
Yes.
I just finished my board interview.
There's a chance for a
promotion to Inspector.
That's great! Keep it up.
Stay strong and keep true!
Office Fok.
during that operation seven years ago.
I was already three
months pregnant with him.
If it weren't for you saving me.
he wouldn't be sitting here.
Thank you.
I never gave up.
I just got old.
I can't charge ahead all the time.
Being in the front line
really depends on all of you.
That's why
I transferred to the Department of Justice.
I want to guard the final door.
As long as you have faith.
you can do it!
Stay true to your goals
It would be great if
everyone had your enthusiasm!
You have it.
Copy that.
Alright. Let's keep going!
Don't stop. everyone!
Copy!
Bao Ding.
There is no overtime pay.
Just leave if you have no loyalty.
Hey.
there are still over a dozen cases.
We can't finish them before the trial.
You should have stayed
being a police officer.
If I hadn't met you.
I wouldn't have to work so hard.
Coming to the Department
of Justice for no reason!
I don't even know why you're here!
Do you want to know why?
Tell me. stop being mysterious!
Because I think our work
is like an eternal brilliant light.
It shines the glory of fairness and justice
into the hearts of the people.
into every dark corner.
I'm getting old. I can't
catch thieves anymore.
My knees aren't working as well.
I'm still young. I can handle it.
You were right.
There really was a third person
at the scene of that case.
It was a conspiracy to commit murder.
I'm willing to admit defeat.
I'm the most skilled at
reviewing documents.
Enough said. Let's do this together.
I'll take care of this box.
That bright light...
I've extinguished it!
The criminal organization has a pattern.
There are more victims like Ma Ka-kit.
There are many Ma Ka-kits out there.
Before the trial.
we need to find one more Ma Ka-kit
who is willing to testify.
But gangs mailing drugs into Hong Kong
happens at least 300 times a year.
totalling over 1.000 cases.
- We only have a few days.
- I know it's difficult.
but I know it won't get the better of you!
There's a young man who's just like you.
Your testimony can help him.
I've already served my full sentence.
what do you want from me?
Just go!
My son just got out of the
juvenile detention center!
Leave him alone!
I don't mind going to the police station
and giving a statement.
I'd rather not go to court. though.
I'm afraid to let other people
know I've been to prison.
I understand.
but there's a young man just like you.
He also received a package and
was accused of drug trafficking.
Stop bothering me already!
Did this person introduce a lawyer to you?
This person has harmed many people
using the same method.
Please help.
A young man who received a package
and was accused of drug trafficking.
If you testify in court. you can save him.
Hey!
Bingo!
Someone has agreed to appear in court!
That's great!
Thank you.
Well done!
Great work. Prosecutor Fok!
Hello. Mr. Fok.
You're taking leave today and
not going back to the DOJ?
What's going on? Is everything alright?
Thank you.
How are things now?
How did this case
go so wrong?
Someone has been killed!
How long can you continue with this?
Uncle Ma has been killed.
Are you completely blind to everything?
Uncle Ma's death is a police case.
a criminal case.
We are the Department of Justice.
Have you ever thought about
going back to being a police officer?
Then you can investigate murder cases
and catch criminals.
You can even become a defense lawyer.
You enjoy being a defense lawyer so much.
you're wasting your talents
at the Department of Justice.
Do you know what the
Department of Justice is for?
Let me tell you.
The Department of Justice is the
final gate of the rule of law.
Now. Uncle Ma
has been murdered.
and Ma Ka-kit is going to be
imprisoned for 27 years.
Even if he's guilty.
should he be imprisoned for 27 years?
You tell me.
Honestly.
27 years is a bit excessive
We are the Department of Justice.
Do you know how many pending cases
we have in our department?
If every colleague handled
their work the way you do.
the DOJ would be
paralyzed. do you understand?
Given your current state of mind.
you are not suitable to continue as the
lead prosecutor on this case.
and it's even more unsuitable for
you to remain in the DOJ.
I have already submitted a letter
to the Civil Service Bureau
requesting your transfer.
You will receive notice in one month. OK?
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Get out!
Thank you!
You're useless!
Stop putting on airs!
All those books you've read are useless!
What?
Dressing in a suit and
acting like a gentleman.
you're one of those people
who wouldn't help an
old lady cross the street.
You have no friends. you're selfish.
only thinking of yourself.
You don't even own a pet!
Go home and jerk off!
Oh. and don't leave just yet.
I have evidence of your
collaborating with Au.
How much longer do you plan to slander me?
What are you up to now?
Taking off your jacket?
You want to fight?
I've put up with you for a long time!
- Let's see if you have the guts.
- You talk about Au Pak-man all the time!
You get hundreds of thousands from
the government every month!
I'm telling you. I'm giving you one chance.
- Yeung Ti-lap.
- If you beat me.
- Let's see how strong you are!
- I'll let you off!
- I'm tough like iron.
- Let's fight.
Let's go!
Fight with me?
Many people like Au
Pak-man in this world.
Can you arrest them all?
I'm in.
Come on.
Let's go!
Beat me and I'll back you up!
Get ready to back me up. then!
You wish!
Playing tricks on me with blank paper?
How else would I make
you show some real fire?
I did what I had to do!
Brother Tung. the US dollars you asked for.
Count it yourself.
Nakamura. put that over there.
Yes. sir.
Gentlemen. every dollar has been laundered.
Look for me when you
need something else done.
What a guy!
Man's delivery accomplished!
Everybody happy!
But I still have something
to ask Lau Siu-keung.
Yes. Tung?
The police are searching everywhere
for information on you.
You will definitely involve Man.
You'll bring trouble to us.
It's my fault.
I'll settle the matter.
Why are we talking about these things?
We're all so happy now.
Let's just drink.
I've sorted it out with Keung already.
He will turn himself in and plead guilty.
Then the whole matter
will be resolved cleanly.
In any case. it won't bother you.
Come on. Let's drink!
Thank you. Sang.
Gentlemen.
Keung is very capable.
If there's any offense. please forgive him.
Show me some respect. Don't blame him.
Today
is Sang's birthday.
I prepared a small
birthday present for you.
Take a look! Do you like it?
Man.
you're a smart guy!
Sang.
I wish you success that
shines just as brightly.
Like fireworks. the more you shoot.
the more dazzling!
Times up!
Have you gone crazy?
Today is my birthday.
We agreed that I would do the shooting!
It's only just your birthday. birthday boy!
We agreed to shoot at 12:30.
You didn't do it. it's my turn this time.
If you wanted to shoot.
you should have done it
at the stern of the ship.
You shot him here. Now look at this mess!
I need to change the furniture.
It takes time to order it from Italy.
I couldn't wait!
What if he drinks all my booze?
Let's drink!
Happy Birthday.
The dead body floating in the sea has been
confirmed as Lau Siu-keung.
Even with the testimony of the girl
from the laundry shop.
we don't have enough
evidence to charge him.
Their next target will
definitely be Chan Kwok-wing.
We don't know if he's in hiding or
has already been killed.
We just can't find him.
The trial is about to begin.
we need to find Chan Kwok-wing
as soon as possible.
As long as you tell the whole truth.
I will definitely help you
reduce your sentence.
and if your testimony can help
incriminate the whole
gang of drug traffickers.
I will also consider helping you
apply for amnesty.
If you become our witness.
you will definitely benefit.
The amount of the sentence reduction
depends on how much you say.
My brother left evidence for me.
which can prove that
Au Pak-man is the culprit.
I even know where his drug den is.
Make sure I get a reduced sentence!
Do you have any other options?
Prosecutor Yeung.
Fok Chi-ho hasn't arrived yet.
Just do what I say later.
My leg...
I can't walk.
Help me!
Sit down.
You can't walk?
Take him with you and get going!
Court is in session. Get going!
Go!
Look out for me. Officer!
Take care.
Call police!
Don't let me die!
Call police! Be quick!
I'm Inspector Lee King-wai.
I'm at the intersection
of Ki Lung Street...
Defendant Ma Ka-kit's appeal in the drug
trafficking conspiracy case was successful.
The case will be retried today.
Miss Cheung Yeuk-sum.
a few years ago.
you received a package at your home.
Inside. there were 500 grams of cocaine
and at that time. you admitted to
the crime of drug trafficking.
Is that true?
Actually. it was Chan Kwok-wing.
He gave me a thousand bucks
to use my home address.
I didn't know there were
drugs in that package.
My former boss. Lau Siu-keung.
introduced me to Au Pak-man.
They were the ones who
told me to plead guilty.
Do you have any evidence?
I've already been jailed for this!
Is that not evidence?
The key figures in our case.
Chan Kwok-wing and Lau Siu-keung.
are not present in the courtroom.
So I would like to summon the next witness.
Mr. Au Pak-man. to testify
and help reconstruct
the sequence of events.
This case was actually easy for me
to handle within the law
but you bastards
insisted on killing someone
and you killed the big brother
and his little brother as well.
If Chan Kwok-wing has any evidence
in his hands. I'm screwed!
If you run away. this
case will never be closed.
Sooner or later.
the police will find out more and more.
We will all end up dead.
Settle it in court tomorrow.
and we'll all be happy.
Are you out of your mind?
You're forcing me to appear in court.
Are you playing with me?
Let me tell you. if I die.
I will definitely take you down with me.
Think a little with what brains you have.
How much money have you made over
the years thanks to me?
Without me. you're nothing but shit!
It's only a matter of time before
I'll really eat shit.
You need to stay calm now.
Let's fix this together.
I've made some arrangements.
Do you know
which place on this planet
sees the sunrise first?
It's Fiji.
I've already bought a small island there.
I'm ready to go and enjoy life.
In Hong Kong.
there are skyscrapers everywhere.
It's hard to see the sunrise anymore.
What about Chan Kwok-wing?
His testimony also indicated
that he and his brother Lau Siu-keung
were both working for you.
He is primarily responsible for
borrowing addresses
and receiving packages.
while his brother was responsible for
introducing lawyers to the victims.
including Miss Cheung Yeuk-sum
and Mr. Ma Ka-kit.
Do you have any explanation
for these accusations?
Listen to me.
Go to court tomorrow
and resolve the matter.
I'll take you with me.
Once we're there.
you'll be able to see
the sunrise every day.
I'll take care of things
outside of the courtroom.
First of all.
I don't know what statements
he gave to the police.
but one thing I do know is that
he won't be able to testify in court
if he can't show up.
and there will be no evidence
for what you're worried about.
Prosecutor Yeung.
don't think I don't know what you're up to.
You're using my courtroom
to try and expose the crimes of others.
What exactly do you want
to achieve by doing this?
To answer your question. Your Honour:
I want to request
that Chan Kwok-wing appear in court
as a special witness for the prosecution.
He hasn't made the request.
If there's no request. I won't approve it.
This is unfair to the defense.
Your Honor.
I don't oppose it at all.
Are you two playing tricks on me together?
Your Honor.
I humbly request your approval for
Chan Kwok-wing to testify in court.
If you're not satisfied after
hearing his testimony.
I'm willing to bear all the
consequences and responsibilities.
When will your witness appear. then?
Mr. Fok!
Prosecutor Fok.
Sang and I spent ten years in jail
in Cambodia because of you.
You've arrested so many people.
Don't you recognize me?
That stubborn old man. Uncle Ma.
I cut him over a dozen times.
and his guts spilled all over the floor.
I enjoyed it!
It's your turn now.
This is how the law works. Prosecutor Fok.
Hey!
I object.
Would you like to appeal?
The courtroom is a
place to uncover the truth.
Time means nothing
in the face of the truth.
So no matter how much time it takes.
we must wait for the truth to come out.
Isn't that right?
Prosecutor Yeung.
could you please stop reciting poetry here?
When can he come?
Sorry. Your Honor.
there was some heavy traffic.
My brother left evidence for me.
including account books and
records of drug transactions.
and all of Au Pak-man's bank accounts.
He said to use them as insurance
if something happened.
Ma Ka-kit had no idea the
package contained drugs.
Au Pak-man even told me to plead guilty.
He said if I didn't. he would kill me.
Do you think I'm so afraid of you?
Even if I have to go to
prison. I'll expose you!
Au Pak-man. you bastard!
Prosecutor. do you have any final words?
Ladies and gentlemen.
in Hong Kong.
the court values evidence above all.
but evidence does not
always equal the truth.
nor does it necessarily
guarantee us justice.
Furthermore.
no judicial system is perfect.
and loopholes can arise.
These loopholes
are often exploited
by individuals with malicious intent.
When we let innocent people
fall victim to these loopholes.
as in the case of Ma Ka-kit this time.
just one wrongful judgement
can destroy an entire family.
That is why we do not
allow wrongful judgments
to happen under our watch.
to Ma Ka-kit.
or
To anyone!
This is our conscience as legal personnel.
Your Honor!
This court hereby pronounces the verdict:
The first defendant. Ma Ka-kit. is found
not guilty of drug trafficking charges
and is to be released.
The DOJ celebrates the fact that
the Ma Ka-kit case has
been successfully appealed.
The DOJ will continue to
optimise its own performance.
enhancing the efficiency.
quality. and consistency
of prosecutorial decisions.
It will also strengthen cooperation with
other government departments
to provide high-quality legal services
to Hong Kong society.
ensuring fairness and justice
in the judicial process.
By overturning your own verdict
in the Ma Ka-chun case.
does it mean that the judicial system
is not fair enough?
Does it imply that someone made mistakes?
That's right.
I admit it.
The initial judgment
in this case
was indeed flawed.
This has raised doubts and
concerns among the public.
Regarding this matter.
I sincerely
feel regret and I apologise.
"Qualified Youth Program tuition
assistance application notice"
"Nothing can dim the light which
shines from within. Fok Chi-ho"
Now. in this case. the
truth has finally emerged.
and the facts have become clear.
The most important
thing is that justice is done.
That's the most important.
Court!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm